cy.login() + docs (#4880)
kiali/kiali: frontend/cypress/README.md

> # Cypress Visual Testing with BDD framework

Reviewer: This just a nit: "visual testing" is its own thing and means something specific outside of testing with cypress. Calling this something else will help avoid the confusion.

Author: you are right, I will review this once more as I will progress on documentation

These are visual tests for kiali that are meant to be run against a live environment.

## Prerequisites

> Installed all dev dependencies from fronted folder. Ensure the `baseUrl` field in the `cypress.json` file at the kiali-ui root is pointing to the server you are trying to test, alternatively you can use `CYPRESS_BASE_URL` environment variable . By default this is `localhost:3000` so if you are running kiali locally you should just need to do `yarn start` before running cypress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installed all dev dependencies from frontend folder. Ensure the `baseUrl` field in the `cypress.json` file at the kiali-ui root is pointing to the server you are trying to test, alternatively you can use `CYPRESS_BASE_URL` environment variable or pass via cmd line `yarn cypress --config baseUrl=http://kiali-server:20001`. By default this is `localhost:3000` so if you are running kiali locally you should just need to do `yarn start` before running cypress.
```

    * One feature file should contain only one **specific** feature or concrete example of tested **feature / story**
    * Try to reuse already existing steps, like: `Given user is at administrator perspective` or `And I see {string} in the title` from other .feature files. Framework doesn't mind interchangin keywords, like `Then I see {string} in the title`
    * If you are covering more complex flow (smoke, happy path, critical path) composed of multiple feature files, you need to decorate them with @sing (`@smoke`, `@happypath`, @etc)
1) Execute cypress - with feature file you just created
    * If you have undefined execution steps in the feature file, cypress will let you know. 
    * You only need to implement step definitions you are missing *(see 1a)* in cypress/integration/common folder 
1) Write new step definitions. 
    * The rule of the thumb is you create `.ts` file with same name as a `.feature` file like:
    * cypress/integration/featureFiles/**testcase.feature** -> cypress/integration/common/**testcase.ts**
1) Failed tests could mean that:
    * reusing of step definitions is not suitable or gets broken by different testcase or your modifications

>     * we want to refactor broken code and if its heavily used, move it into a custom command file (cypress/support/commands.ts) - i.e. `cy.login()`, `cy.kilali_apply_config()` lives there

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * We want to refactor broken code and if its heavily used, move it into a custom command file (cypress/support/commands.ts) - i.e. `cy.login()`, `cy.kiali_apply_config()` lives there
```
